Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will implement authentication and points we will have to and points
these will be signed in and signed up to do it.
We will carry the control class.
Like we said in previous lessons in cybering, there is a cycle in model.
We control the structure.
First of all, describe model causus later call model classes from services.
Finally, call services from controllers and controllers will return model classes.
So in the previous lesson we described our authentication service in this lesson we will call it from
the controller and we will map our rest API requests to do it.
First of all, we will carry that controller class to do it.
First of all, let's create a new package under our main package, our package.
Name the controller.
Under the controller package, we will create an authentication controller class.
To describe authentication controllers, SRS controller Closs, we will add rest controller and attrition
to it rest controller notation specifies the glass is a restful Web service, so the authentication
controller class will have accessible and points with the rest API.
Then we can add the mapping in addition to add prayer parts for all matters on authentication control.
Actually, we have already described it in the security conflict glass.
It will be API authentication.
So these and points will be accessible by everybody.
So they will be none authorized tat's.
Later, they will call authentication service for dependency injection, and we can use autopilot in
spring.
And we also need to use our service to save use it for the registration methods.
OK, now we can create our API methods, our first method will be signed up in the rest controller.
We can describe every method with response and the copulation response entity is a copulation that contains
HTP Haddish, HTP status and response body.
For our sign up method, we will reach form letter of request with request, by the annotation, with
using request, by the annotation we can reach form data.
Similarly, we have request and paid variable annotations to reach and point variables.
At this point, sprinklered API provides many utilities.
Our mapping request method will be post mapping and the API part will be like API authentication plus
sign up for.